feat: Geneva Uploader : Add config service client (#227)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust-contrib: opentelemetry-exporter-geneva/geneva-uploader/src/config_service/README.md

### GenevaConfigClient Flow (Certificate-Based Authentication)

> The diagram below illustrates how the `GenevaConfigClient` initializes with a client certificate (in PKCS#12 format) and fetches ingestion information from the Geneva Config Service using mutual TLS (mTLS). It includes the flow for loading the certificate, handling cached tokens, making authenticated requests, and parsing the response (including primary diagnostic monikers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below illustrates how the `GenevaConfigClient` is initialized with a client certificate (in PKCS#12 format) and then used to fetch ingestion information from the Geneva Config Service using mutual TLS (mTLS). It includes the flow for loading the certificate, handling cached tokens, making authenticated requests, and parsing the response (including primary diagnostic monikers).
```
